Song Wu, you are still amazing
Now the company of Hardware Country has been handed over to Liancheng
Quickly emptied his company
Wife you are awesome
I will love you to death.
Husband
No, you won't give me a share when you get the money from Hardware Country, right?
Haha, how is that possible?
You are so capable and so beautiful
We have a lot of money to spend in the future, I'll tell you
Then we have mistransferred all the assets of Hardware Nation.
Capital in hand
Just kick it away
He has been his daughter every day these days
It's killing me.
My good daughter-in-law
Just bear with it for a few more days.
Please bear with me.
Just bear with it, okay?
Then I'll put up with that old woman for a few more days
But then again
This old woman is too gullible
It made me feel unfulfilled.
Tom, you have to hide well and don't let him run away again. Don't worry, wife.
That place is very biased
He must have run away
Someone sees a doctor 24 hours a day, that's fine
Hmm, okay, haha.
Well, that one is in a good mood today, let's celebrate, okay?
Hey, let's call you Sister Zhang and let's celebrate together.
Aha, this young master is happy to come today.
Reward you
half per person
Thank you sir
Work hard with me in the future
Why is there one less?
Doctor, do a DNA comparison of these two hairs for me
Good idea.
When will you get the money as soon as possible?
If you expedite, it will take 24 hours at the soonest.
Then you can help me expedite it.
I'll come back and pick it up this time tomorrow.
Yeah, OK.